INSTALL.md, before:

AUTOMATIC

Use the install.sh script to copy napi.sh / subotage.sh to the bin directory (/usr/bin - bu default) and libnapi_common.sh library to a shared directory (/usr/share/napi - bu default).
If you want to install into directories different than defaults specify them in install.sh invocation (USE ABSOLUTE PATHS ONLY).

Examples
	$ install.sh --bindir /bin --shareddir /shared
	- this will install napi.sh & subotage.sh under /bin and libnapi_common.sh under /shared/napi

or

	$ install.sh --shareddir /my/custom/directory
	- this will install napi.sh & subotage.sh under /usr/bin (default path) and libnapi_common.sh under /my/custom/directory/napi

########################################

MANUAL
napi.sh & subotage.sh share some common code from libnapi_common.sh. Both of them are sourcing this file. Bellow is an example installation procedure given (executables under /usr/bin, libraries under /usr/shared/napi)

1. Edit path to libnapi_common.sh in napi.sh & subotage.sh:

Search for a variable NAPI_COMMON_PATH

    38	
    39	# verify presence of the napi_common library
    40	declare -r NAPI_COMMON_PATH=

and set it to /usr/shared/napi

    38	
    39	# verify presence of the napi_common library
    40	declare -r NAPI_COMMON_PATH="/usr/shared/napi"

2. Place the napi.sh & subotage.sh under /usr/bin:

	$ cp -v napi.sh subotage.sh /usr/bin

3. Create the /usr/shared/napi directory and place the library inside of it:

	$ mkdir -p /usr/shared/napi
	$ cp -v libnapi_common.sh /usr/shared/napi


bashnapi bundle is now installed

########################################
	
3rd_party tools required:

- bash shell
- wget (can be installed via Homebrew/Macports)
- find tool
- dd (coreutils)
- md5sum (in OS X, it's md5)
- cut
- mktemp
- 7z (if napiprojekt3 is used) (p7zip)
- awk
- grep

Commit message:

Update the Changelog with the release links
The change log doesn't contain the links to the releases in the
repository. Adding them allows for easier navigation between old
releases.

INSTALL.md, after:

# Instalation

**bashnapi** provides a simple install.sh script. It should be used to install the bundle. There's a reason why it doesn't use autotools, cmake or any other build system. Most of the embedded devices (routers, NASes) etc. don't have any of these installed.


## Automatic (recommended)

Use the **install.sh** script to copy napi.sh & subotage.sh to the bin directory (/usr/bin - by default) and libnapi_common.sh library to a shared directory (/usr/share/napi - by default).
If you want to install into directories different than defaults specify them in install.sh invocation (USE ABSOLUTE PATHS ONLY).

To install napi.sh & subotage.sh under /bin and libnapi_common.sh under /shared/napi:

`$ ./install.sh --bindir /bin --shareddir /shared`

To install napi.sh & subotage.sh under /usr/bin (default path) and libnapi_common.sh under /my/custom/directory/napi

`$ ./install.sh --shareddir /my/custom/directory`
---

## Manual (only for experts)

napi.sh & subotage.sh share some common code from libnapi_common.sh. Both of them are sourcing this file. Bellow is an example installation procedure given (executables under /usr/bin, libraries under /usr/shared/napi)

1. Edit path to libnapi_common.sh in napi.sh & subotage.sh (the line numbers may slightly differ):

Search for a variable NAPI_COMMON_PATH

    38
    39	# verify presence of the napi_common library
    40	declare -r NAPI_COMMON_PATH=

and set it to /usr/shared/napi

    38
    39	# verify presence of the napi_common library
    40	declare -r NAPI_COMMON_PATH="/usr/shared/napi"

2. Place the napi.sh & subotage.sh under /usr/bin:

	$ cp -v napi.sh subotage.sh /usr/bin

3. Create the /usr/shared/napi directory and place the library inside of it:

	$ mkdir -p /usr/shared/napi
	$ cp -v libnapi_common.sh /usr/shared/napi


**bashnapi** bundle is now installed and ready to use.
---


## 3rd_party tools required:
- bash shell
- wget (can be installed via Homebrew/Macports)
- find tool
- dd (coreutils)
- md5sum (in OS X, it's md5)
- cut
- mktemp
- 7z (if napiprojekt3 is used) (p7zip)
- awk
- grep
